README.md, before:

[![Work in Repl.it](https://classroom.github.com/assets/work-in-replit-14baed9a392b3a25080506f3b7b6d57f295ec2978f6f33ec97e36a161684cbe9.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=366325&assignment_repo_type=GroupAssignmentRepo)
# Solo 119 - Credit Card Data from Taiwan


## Milestones

*Details for Milestone are available on Canvas (left sidebar, Course Project) or [here](https://firas.moosvi.com/courses/data301/project/milestone01.html).*

## Describe your topic/interest in about 150-200 words

My hope for this first Milestone project is to create useful visuals for the data set being used. The interest for this data mainly came from the fact that the data was collected in Taiwan back in 2005, which can be useful insight to see how spending habits have changed over a decade and a half. The questions I want to explore using this data set is Does age matter for credit card limit? Who defaults on their credit payments more Males or Females?

## Describe your dataset in about 150-200 words

The data set being used for this Milestone project 1, solo 119 is default of credit card clients. The data set was provided by the Department of Information Management, Chung Hua University, Taiwan and Department of Civil Engineering, Tamkang University, Taiwan. The data contains the information for 30000 instances of the default credit card payment for people in Taiwan. It has many variables which makes the data quite versatile, it has the persons age, education, and marital status also, contains past payment records, amount of bill statement and amount of previous payment. All the data in this set was collected from April to September 2005. The whole reason for the creation of this data set was too see the default payments of customers in Taiwan across six data mining methods. All the data was collected by the credit card companies that the customers were using in Taiwan so, they could create and compare predictive accuracy of probability across six data mining methods.

## Solo Member

-I am a 3rd year Microbiology student who is taking this class for fun because, I have an interest in coding.

## References

hCheng Yeh, I. (2016, January 26). UCI machine Learning repository: Default of credit card clients data set. Retrieved February 15, 2021, from https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/default+of+credit+card+clients#

Commit message:

Added the completed Tableau Dashboard to the project repository.

README.md, after:

[![Work in Repl.it](https://classroom.github.com/assets/work-in-replit-14baed9a392b3a25080506f3b7b6d57f295ec2978f6f33ec97e36a161684cbe9.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=366325&assignment_repo_type=GroupAssignmentRepo)
# Solo 119 - Credit Card Data from Taiwan


## Milestones

*Details for Milestone are available on Canvas (left sidebar, Course Project) or [here](https://firas.moosvi.com/courses/data301/project/milestone01.html).*

## Describe your topic/interest in about 150-200 words

My hope for this first Milestone project is to create useful visuals for the data set being used. The interest for this data mainly came from the fact that the data was collected in Taiwan back in 2005, which can be useful insight to see how spending habits have changed over a decade and a half. The questions I want to explore using this data set is does age matter for credit card limit? Who defaults on their credit payments more Males or Females?

## Describe your dataset in about 150-200 words

The data set being used for this Milestone project 1, solo 119 is default of credit card clients. The data set was provided by the Department of Information Management, Chung Hua University, Taiwan and Department of Civil Engineering, Tamkang University, Taiwan. The data contains the information for 30000 instances of the default credit card payment for people in Taiwan. It has many variables which makes the data quite versatile, it has the persons age, education, and marital status also, contains past payment records, amount of bill statement and amount of previous payment. All the data in this set was collected from April to September 2005. The whole reason for the creation of this data set was too see the default payments of customers in Taiwan across six data mining methods. All the data was collected by the credit card companies that the customers were using in Taiwan so, they could create and compare predictive accuracy of probability across six data mining methods.

## Solo Member

-I am a 3rd year Microbiology student who is taking this class for fun because, I have an interest in coding.

## Dashboard link

*Online Dashboard can be found here (https://us-west-2b.online.tableau.com/#/site/data301/views/Course-project-solo_119-Dashboard/DatasetDescriptionandEDA?:iid=6).*

## References

hCheng Yeh, I. (2016, January 26). UCI machine Learning repository: Default of credit card clients data set. Retrieved February 15, 2021, from https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/default+of+credit+card+clients#
