analysis/Analysis, README.md, before:

This directory contains all Jupyter notebook files for Milestone project, solo 119.

# Research Questions

## How is education correlated to spending and paying off credit cards?
For this research question I two Scatterplots for Credit repayments ![alt text](https://github.com/[AmrDhaliwal]/[course-project-solo_119]/blob/[main]/images/EDUCATION%vs%PAY_AMT_APR.png?raw=true) and     ![alt text](https://github.com/[AmrDhaliwal]/[course-project-solo_119]/blob/[main]/images/EDUCATION%vs%PAY_AMT_AUG.png?raw=true), also used two Scatterplots for bill statements ![alt text](https://github.com/[AmrDhaliwal]/[course-project-solo_119]/blob/[main]/images/EDUCATION%vs%BILL_AMT_APR.png?raw=true) and                                                                                   ![alt text](https://github.com/[AmrDhaliwal]/[course-project-solo_119]/blob/[main]/images/EDUCATION%vs%BILL_AMT_AUG.png?raw=true). In the dataset used the Education
column was split into 4 sub-categories (1 = graduate school; 2 = university; 3 = high school; 4 = others). Unfortunatly the others category is very ambigous it seems to
contain primarily undecuated persons. When looking at the boxplot it's clear that the people in subcategory 1 have the highest debt out of the 4 subcategories.
The interesting thing about the data in all the plots is it seems that the sub-categories go in order of 4, 3, 2, and 1. The high debt for those that have attended graduate school and university 
are definatly partly attributed to paying for school fees. This is also true for the scatterplot for the Auguest bill payments  the debt seems to be 
similar across both scatterplots. Also when looking at the correlation between the two payment scatterplots those with higher debt are making higher repayments monthly which means is safe t say that 
those that obtained a higher education were eventaully making more monthly than those who didn't.

## Do older people have a higher credit card limit? And is there a big variation of credit limit between Males and Females?

Commit message:

Answered my second reasearch question in the analysis README and made small edits to the EDA notebook.

analysis/Analysis, README.md, after:

This directory contains all Jupyter notebook files for Milestone project, solo 119.

# Research Questions

## How is education correlated to spending and paying off credit cards?
For this research question I two Scatterplots for Credit repayments ![alt text](https://github.com/[AmrDhaliwal]/[course-project-solo_119]/blob/[main]/images/EDUCATION%vs%PAY_AMT_APR.png?raw=true) and     ![alt text](https://github.com/[AmrDhaliwal]/[course-project-solo_119]/blob/[main]/images/EDUCATION%vs%PAY_AMT_AUG.png?raw=true), also used two Scatterplots for bill statements ![alt text](https://github.com/[AmrDhaliwal]/[course-project-solo_119]/blob/[main]/images/EDUCATION%vs%BILL_AMT_APR.png?raw=true) and                                                                                   ![alt text](https://github.com/[AmrDhaliwal]/[course-project-solo_119]/blob/[main]/images/EDUCATION%vs%BILL_AMT_AUG.png?raw=true). In the dataset used the Education
column was split into 4 sub-categories (1 = graduate school; 2 = university; 3 = high school; 4 = others). Unfortunatly the others category is very ambigous it seems to
contain primarily undecuated persons. When looking at the boxplot it's clear that the people in subcategory 1 have the highest debt out of the 4 subcategories.
The interesting thing about the data in all the plots is it seems that the sub-categories go in order of 4, 3, 2, and 1. The high debt for those that have attended graduate school and university 
are definatly partly attributed to paying for school fees. This is also true for the scatterplot for the Auguest bill payments  the debt seems to be 
similar across both scatterplots. Also when looking at the correlation between the two payment scatterplots those with higher debt are making higher repayments monthly which means is safe t say that 
those that obtained a higher education were eventaully making more monthly than those who didn't.

## Do age matter for credit card limit? And is there a big variation of credit limit between Males and Females?
This question was helped answered with two box plot and a histplot which can be found using these links 
![alt text](https://github.com/[AmrDhaliwal]/[course-project-solo_119]/blob/[main]/images/AGE%vs%Limit_BAL.png?raw=true) 
![alt text](https://github.com/[AmrDhaliwal]/[course-project-solo_119]/blob/[main]/images/Credit%Limit.png?raw=true)                                                                                        ![alt text](https://github.com/[AmrDhaliwal]/[course-project-solo_119]/blob/[main]/images/SEX%vs%Limit_BAL.png?raw=true).

When looking at the boxplot that shows AGE vs Limit_BAL it's clear that age does matter for credit limit but, varies greatly. On average 21 t 29 year olds have the lowest 
credit limit while those 58 and older have some of the highest credit limits in the data set. For the boxplot that shows Age vs Credit Limt I wanted to see if 
there was a big variation between the two genders provided in the data set, but when looking at the plot its clear that the credit limit is
quite balanced between the two genders. The major difference I saw though was that males have a slightly smaller mean than females.
